Fix Typos in Learn Pages (#1697)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn/observing-ballerina-code.md

#### Setting Up Prometheus
[Prometheus] is used as the monitoring system, which pulls out the metrics collected from the Ballerina service

> '/metrics'. This section focuses on the quick installation of Prometheus with Docker, and configure it to collect metrics from Ballerina service with default configurations. Follow the steps below to configure 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'/metrics'. This section focuses on the quick installation of Prometheus with Docker and configures it to collect metrics from the Ballerina service with default configurations. Follow the steps below to configure 
```

Here the targets `'a.b.c.d:9797'` should contain the host and port of the `/metrics` service that's exposed from 
Ballerina for metrics collection. Add the IP of the host in which the Ballerina service is running as `a.b.c.d` and its
port (default `9797`).

> If you need more information refer [Prometheus Documentation](https://prometheus.io/docs/introduction/first_steps/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need more information refer to the [Prometheus Documentation](https://prometheus.io/docs/introduction/first_steps/).
```

Author: "refer [something] is correct.

Author: Changed to "refer the [Prometheus Documentation]".

2. Go to <http://localhost:3000/> to access the Grafana dashboard running on Docker.

> 3. Log in to the dashboard with the default user, username: `admin` and password: `admin`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Log into the dashboard with the default user, username: `admin` and password: `admin`
```

Author: "Log in to" is correct.

> 4. Add Prometheus as data source with `Browser` access configuration as provided below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Add Prometheus as a data source with `Browser` access configuration as provided below.
```
